So let's continue working in this video we're gonna have this section with the icons.
So again we're going to use some partial hooks and what are going on over here on the home page.
You can see that the coupon has some priority then and because they will resign or on priority 20.
So we need to have a number between these two.
So right here I'm going to have brain features with icons and we're going to have a function.
Good or bad that underscore is play on our features.
And again we're going to have an action to impeach and then we're going to companies based here and
that really maybe we're going to add something like 50 or pagers and sameas and that's remove these
stop shall we hooks and you can see it's looking great feature.
So we can add that.
So next we're going to make something tricky right here.
If you take a look at the site you can see that this section will expand to the edges.
It's going to take all of the weight that is available similar to this bar that we have right here.
You can see right there right here that keeps the Canton center.
But the bar expands to the edges and we need to have something really similar.
And in order to do something like this we need to close the demand right here if we inspect the code
and let's pick these right right here you can see that we have these men Condon's who need to close
these millennia.
When it was so close the main attack and the primary so close in these three tags.
And we also need to close these the we call for the colorful is the one that I saw in this container.
We need to close these main these primary and this golf ball then we need to have the the icons.
So we're going to again we're going to close the beach be blog right here.
In a big speech.
So here's what we're going to close them.
The main three main
main is going from the top then we're going to close the
primary so we have another common.
Primary.
And finally we need to close the call for this one race.
So that we can at something like features here.
And now this feature here is going to be added in the left so we're going to be pushed to the left.
And you can see it's looking great.
We have features here right here so we close these thing we need to find a way to have or continue working
because you can see from the feature here to the bottom all the content is missed out.
So we need to add something else so fierce I'm going to have a db with the class called for.
So now if you take a look here we're going to add these classes again so we're going to restore what
we have close we need to have only the opening because the closing are already there.
So we to they call the fool.
Then I have another one called content area.
If you take a look here in the design we have this primary but this is using an ID called primary and
you only have one ID per page.
So are you going to use that class at the end the the class is the one that contains all the styling
you can see that we can be selected for here.
Or do why not use content area.
And finally what are going out there when it is called site.
The main site main ads is right here.
This means that an answer contains some select or so we need to close the straits.
So you can see we close three packs and then we open 3.
You know that we have ahead is going to be added insights here.
So first I'm going to add a theme that we have home features features is going to be the selector that
we're going to use throughout these color then if they can in the design this section is inside the
container so we're going to write another one that's going to be called for.
So this is going to have the inside of the container.
So now we got something like feature Skeeter say these closes and reload.
So now you can see that we have features here and now we continue when we scroll.
We continue covering everything as we did before so inside this golfball with home features is where
we are going to have the call to display the icons.
So let's see if you can do that in the next video.